---
title: "Chapter 12 – The Conqueror’s Jewel"
weight: 12.1
volume: 6
source: https://shintranslations.com/twem-vol-6-chapter-12-part-1/
---

# Chapter 12 – The Conqueror’s Jewel

“The Conqueror’s Jewel is a jewel that concentrates negative energy and amplifies magical power…”

That was how Oskar began his recollection.

That was how he summarized the story.

Before the Empire was founded, there were many villages in this area.

People lived happily, but that peace was destroyed by the hands of demons.

The demons attacked the villages and filled the people with fear.

But they didn’t stop there.

They used special magic to put a curse on the people.

The curse caused people to generate negative energy, and when they died, the energy was amplified by their resentment.

Eventually, the amplified energy turned into magical power and created demons. After killing the humans, the demons were consumed by the negative energy and died, leaving only the negative energy and the magical power generated by it in the land.

The cursed demon tribe stored the powerful energy and magical power in a jewel, but then a man arrived.

He defeated the demon tribe, recovered the jewel, gathered people who were not under the curse or had escaped the demon attacks, and founded a country.

This was the origin of the country that became the predecessor of the Galzio Empire.

From there, it grew in power, invaded other countries, expanded its territory, and eventually came to be called an empire.

Anyway, it was said that the jewel was kept deep underground in the Imperial Castle, sealed and surrounded with several magical wards.

But I don’t hear the important details.

“So, what will happen when you use the jewel?”

“I don’t know the details, but there is a document left by the first generation. It says that by using the power of this jewel, you can gain a power that surpasses even that of the Demon King. Therefore, the popular story surrounding the founding of the nation is that the jewel was crushed and purified by the first generation. The truth that it remains till today is a secret passed down through generations of the imperial family…”

“And this information somehow got to Damnatio…”

Oskar nodded reproachfully.

At that moment, the pulse that had been audible all along accelerated and the barrier that had been erected cracked.

I looked at Oskar again.

“Looks like it’s about time… His Majesty the Emperor.”

“Oskar is fine, Haruto.”

Oskar corrected the way I called him.

If he didn’t mind me calling him that, then that was a welcome offer.

“Okay, Oskar. Besides, it’s my fight from now on. Leave it to me.”

“Hey! Are you saying I’m not good enough for you?”

“Your Majesty!”

Oskar was about to make an angry face when a voice called to him from behind.

When he turned around, Reid and the other “Seven Royal Guards” were standing there.

“Your Majesty, please escape quickly!”

“I’ll be fine. You evacuate first and protect the people!”

“But, Your Majesty!”

Reid and the others may have been worried about Oskar’s safety, but he refused to listen to them.

Then Reid looked at me.

I understood what he wanted to say. He wanted me to convince Oskar.

In fact, it wouldn’t be long before Damnatio came out of the barrier, and I told Oskar briefly.

“Oskar, you’re exhausted from fighting the dragon, right? Leave this to me.”

“It’s true that I am exhausted. But I’m the Emperor! I have a duty to protect my people!”

“I completely understand what you’re trying to say, Oskar.”

“Then…”

But I cut Oskar off.

“You are the Emperor. The people are waiting for your orders. Who will lead the people if the Emperor is gone?”

Oskar looked at Reid and the others as if surprised by my words.

Reid, who was being looked at, nodded vigorously.

“Haruto-dono is right. Please escape with us.”

Oskar looked at me, his mind already made up.

“I understand. Is it okay if I leave this to you?”

“Have you already forgotten? I told you earlier, ‘Leave it to me’… but I’ll make sure I get paid for it. After all, I’m someone who has nothing to do with the Empire.”

That would make it easier for Oskar to ask me to do the job, since I was asked to do it by the Empire.

Oskar smiled as if he understood my intention.

“I have no choice. If it means saving the Empire, I’ll give you whatever you want.”

“Don’t forget these words, okay?”

“I swear in the name of the Emperor.”

“Well then, I look forward to your reward.”

“Then I’ll leave the rest to you. You guys, let’s go.”

At Oskar’s words, Reid and the others replied, “Yes, sire!” and headed for the exit of the arena.

If they were there, the people outside the arena would be protected.

As if to replace Oskar and the others, Finne, Iris, Asha, Suzuno and Ephyr came running up to me with worried looks on their faces.

And behind them, a happy-looking Kuzel-

“Haruto, I-“

“No.”

“I haven’t said anything yet!”

“You want to fight that thing, right?”

“Yes.”

“No matter what you think, it will be rejected…”

“No way…”

I knew you would say that. As usual, it seemed that her muscle brain couldn’t be healed.

When I looked at Zero, he seemed to understand my intention and nodded silently.

“Please leave it to me.”

“Thank you… and everyone, please don’t worry.”

When I turned my eyes to them, Finne was staring straight at me.

“Please come back safely.”

“Of course.”

I smiled at Finne’s words.

“Well then, here’s a lucky charm from me.”

Finne kissed my cheek.

While I was stunned and speechless, Finne blushed in embarrassment and said, “It’s a good luck charm!”

Then, as if in a hurry, Iris, Suzuno, Ephyr, and Asha also kissed my cheeks in the same way.

Or rather, Asha just casually kissed me on the cheek.

Kuzel said something like, “I-I won’t…?” but then she said, “I think Haruto will win,” and punched his chest with her fist.

Then Finne and the others left the arena accompanied by Zero.

“I can’t show them the embarrassing situation of losing after receiving their lucky charms!”

I laughed, but quickly pulled myself together.

The only ones left in the arena were me and Damnatio, floating in mid-air, surrounded by a cracked barrier.

---

[←Previous](https://web.archive.org/web/20250118132052//twem-vol-6-chapter-11-part-2/) | [Next→](https://web.archive.org/web/20250118132052//twem-vol-6-chapter-12-part-2/)
